---
title: 19-21
date: 2017-05-25 02:02:00 Z
---

# 19-21

# Style sheet

**What is 19-21?**\
19-21 is a collaborative workspace. It’s home to some of the best and brightest media and digital businesses in Melbourne.

**Tone of voice**\
‘We’ or removed voice of 19-21? Think about socials, friendliness, all comm channels.

* You’re welcome to book the space

* 19-21 is …

* We share bathrooms …

The people who rent space or desks at 19-21 are tenants, not renters or freelancers or hot-deskers or anything like that.

**Formatting**

*Capitalisation*

Use min caps (aka ‘sentence case’) for all headings on the site: page headings, collection headings and subheadings.

In copy, use as few capital letters as possible – that is, don’t make a generic noun into a proper noun unless it’s really, actually necessary. Generic is best!

*Contact names and details*

In a sentence, add an email address or a phone number in parentheses after a person’s name.

* Please get in touch with Ammar (ammar@rooftopcinema.com.au) to make a booking.

*Numbers*

Use simple phone numbers, without international codes. So: four-three-three digit numbers.

* Ammar (0402 844 617)

Spell out to nine and use numerals from 10.

**Punctuation**

*Apostrophes*

In all contexts other than social media, use curly apostrophes (’) instead of straight ones. These are the 6s and 9s. Use straight ones (') on social media, because that’s the usual default and it looks silly to override them. Whatever platform you’re writing on, make sure your quote marks are consistent.

Mac keyboard shortcut!

* ’ = option \+ shift \+ \]

*Colons*

If a colon is part of a sentence, continue in sentence case after the colon – that is, no initial capital on the first word after the colon. But if you’re adding a ‘note’ like below, start the sentence following the colon with an initial capital.

* Note: The door automatically locks when it closes after you.

*Commas*

We don’t use the Oxford comma.

* keeping them neat, clean and tidy

*Dashes*

Our textual dashes are spaced ens.

* Please lock it behind you – by pressing the ‘lock’ button.

*Quote marks*

In all contexts other than social media, use curly quote marks (“” and ‘’) instead of straight ones. These are the 6s and 9s. Use straight ones (" and ') on social media, because that’s the usual default and it looks silly to override them. Whatever platform you’re writing on, make sure your quote marks are consistent.

Mac keyboard shortcuts!

* ‘ = option \+ \]

* ’ = option \+ shift \+ \]

* “ = option \+ \[

* ” = option \+ shift \+ \[

Use double quote marks around any written or spoken words. Follow Australian media style when you’re punctuating: keep punctuation inside the quote marks if your quote (usually a full sentence) has a carrier expression, and put it outside if you’re just dealing with a fragment.

* Carrier expression: “Dogs are the best,” he said.

* Fragment: He called dogs “the best”.

Use single quote marks around terms you’re flagging, naming or defining.

* Press the little ‘lock’ button.

* Our wi-fi network is called ‘Tether Locklear’.

**Word list**

19-21\
Use a hyphen between the numbers, not an en dash.\
Always write in numerals and with the hyphen – not ‘19 to 21’.\
It can start a sentence.\
We never spell it out.

app-encoded lock\
The OmGate lock on our main access door off Johnston Street.

Apple TV

bathroom, bathrooms\
The rooms with the toilets and sinks and hand dryers.\
‘Loos’ is okay, too.

bytes\
Go with the abbreviations or shortened terms.\
MB or meg for megabyte\
GB or gig for gigabyte

CCTV

downstairs\
We mostly use this term internally for the space downstairs that’s available to rent for events.\
It can be called the ‘event space’ (also internally), but we usually call it ‘downstairs’.\
Externally, it’s 19-21.

first aid\
first-aid kit\
Hyphenate this when it’s working adjectivally.

hand dryers

iOS

Johnston Street\
Spell out ‘Street’ in a sentence.\
Only use the abbreviation in the context of the postal address.

log in\
This is the verb.\
Did you log in to your Gmail account?

login\
This is the noun.\
Have you entered your login?

mail-out

meeting room\
We don’t call this the ‘boardroom’ (except for on the Apple TV).

megabits\
When talking about internet speed – not to be confused with megabytes.\
Go with the abbreviation when you’re writing about the speed.\
Mbps for megabits per second

OmGate\
This is the app we use to gain access to 19-21.\
Note the in-caps.

reverse-cycle units\
This is what we call the air conditioners and heaters.

studio\
This is the term we use to refer to both the 19-21 space as a whole and the designated workspaces within 19-21.\
It’s lower-cased when used generically:\
We’re installing a cupboard in The Good Copy’s studio.\
But it’s capped when referring to the name of the studio:\
Have you heard Studio 3’s doorbell lately?

Studio 1 tenants: The Good Copy, Rooftop Cinema, Less and More\
Studio 2 tenants: Acclaim, Archetype Media\
Studio 3 tenants: assorted

tenants\
the people who work at 19-21

venue\
we don’t use this term to refer to the event space downstairs\
see ‘downstairs’

wi-fi

workspace\
a generic noun, always written as one word